More docs cleanup (#805)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/security/database/admin-database-syntax.asciidoc

GRANT CONSTRAINT[S] [MANAGEMENT]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create and delete constraints on the database `name` or all databases.

| [source, cypher]
GRANT CREATE NEW [NODE] LABEL[S]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new labels for nodes in the database `name` or all databases.

| [source, cypher]
GRANT CREATE NEW [RELATIONSHIP] TYPE[S]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new types for relationships in the database `name` or all databases.

| [source, cypher]
GRANT CREATE NEW [PROPERTY] NAME[S]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new names for properties in the database `name` or all databases.

| [source, cypher]
GRANT NAME [MANAGEMENT]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new labels, relationship types and property names in the database `name` or all databases.

| [source, cypher]
GRANT ALL [[DATABASE] PRIVILEGES]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]

> | Enable the specified role or roles to perform all of the above database actions on the database `name` or all databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enable the specified role or roles to perform all database privilege actions on the database `name` or all databases.
```

Author: I'm not sure that is clear/correct either, I'd prefer to just leave it for now and fix all places as part of https://trello.com/c/6sTonnfa/2296-dont-use-all-above-actions-for-all-privileges instead

Reviewer: Ok, thank you.

GRANT CONSTRAINT[S] [MANAGEMENT]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create and delete constraints on the database `name` or all databases

| [source, cypher]
GRANT CREATE NEW [NODE] LABEL[S]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new labels for nodes in the database `name` or all databases

| [source, cypher]
GRANT CREATE NEW [RELATIONSHIP] TYPE[S]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new types for relationships in the database `name` or all databases

| [source, cypher]
GRANT CREATE NEW [PROPERTY] NAME[S]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new names for properties in the database `name` or all databases

| [source, cypher]
GRANT NAME [MANAGEMENT]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]
| Enable the specified role or roles to create new labels, relationship types and property names in the database `name` or all databases

| [source, cypher]
GRANT ALL [[DATABASE] PRIVILEGES]
    ON DATABASE[S] {* \| name}
    TO role[, ...]

> | Enable the specified role or roles to perform all of the above database actions on the database `name` or all databases

Reviewer: Could we possibly replace "the **above** database actions" with something more specific, for example, "Enable the specified role or roles to perform all database management operations...", or just remove **above** ?

Author: In 4.1 and forward we have `Grant the specified roles all privileges for the default database, specific database(s), or all databases.` instead (the command is updated to accept `DEFAULT DATABASE` which doesn't exist in 4.0 as well as all of them reworded). 

It's not really database management operations we grant (only start/stop database is a database management operation), but we could reword it slightly, how about:
```suggestion
| Enable the specified role or roles to have access, start and stop as well as be able to create and drop indexes and constraints and create new labels, relationship types or property names on the database `name` or all databases
```
or I guess we could just do
```suggestion
| Enable the specified role or roles to perform all database actions on the database `name` or all databases
```
but I'm not sure it is clear what `all database actions` means

Author: Do you have any preferens on what we want to have here?

Reviewer: If those are not database management operations, I guess we should also change the Table title - "Table 3. Database management command syntax"

Author: Is that the tables name? probably yes

I would have said that start/stop/create/drop were the database management operations/commands, the others are just database privileges (and create/drop database privileges are introduced in 4.1 and are not database privileges but dbms privileges)

Author: Will update the table title as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enable the specified role or roles to have access, start, and stop a database, as well as, to create and drop indexes and constraints, and to create new labels, relationship types, and property names on the database `name` or all databases.
```

Reviewer: I've also spotted that all sentences in the tables have no full stop at the end.

Author: I think that in 4.0 we have `all above` in all places that explains the `ALL DATABASE PRIVILEGES`, so just changing it here don't seem that useful. I'll make [a card](https://trello.com/c/6sTonnfa/2296-dont-use-all-above-actions-for-all-privileges) about looking over and updating all places (and make sure we don't do the same for `ALL GRAPH PRIVILEGES` and `ALL DBMS PRIVILEGES` when they are introduced in later versions)
